Update frontend docs with TanStack Query example (#919)
encoredev/encore: docs/how-to/integrate-frontend.mdx

See more in the [client generation docs](/docs/develop/client-generation).

### Asynchronous state management

> When building something a bit more complex, you will likely need to deal with caching, refetching and data going stale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building something a bit more complex, you will likely need to deal with caching, refetching, and data going stale.
```

> [TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest) is a popular library that was built to solve exactly these problems and works
> really well together the Encore request client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest) is a popular library that was built to solve exactly these problems and works well with the Encore request client.
```

> Here is a simple example of using the Encore request client together with TanStack Query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a simple example of using an Encore request client together with TanStack Query:
```

```ts
import {
  useQuery,
  useMutation,
  useQueryClient,
  QueryClient,
  QueryClientProvider,
} from 'react-query'
import Client from '../encore-client'

// Create a Encore client
const encoreClient = new Client(window.location.origin);

// Create a react-query client
const queryClient = new QueryClient()

function App() {
  return (
    // Provide the client to your App
    <QueryClientProvider client={queryClient}>
      <Todos />
    </QueryClientProvider>
  )
}

function Todos() {
  // Access the client
  const queryClient = useQueryClient()

  // Queries

>   const query = useQuery('todos', encoreClient.todo.List)

Reviewer 2: Just a heads up, the syntax in TanStack Query v5 (released just the other day) is a bit different 👀

https://tanstack.com/query/v5/docs/react/guides/migrating-to-v5#supports-a-single-signature-one-object

Author: Great, thanks! Will update. Latest and greatest, here we go!

  // Mutations
  const mutation = useMutation(encoreClient.todo.Add, {
    onSuccess: () => {
      // Invalidate and refetch
      queryClient.invalidateQueries('todos')
    },
  })

  return (
    <div>
      <ul>
        {query.data.map(todo => (
          <li key={todo.id}>{todo.title}</li>
        ))}
      </ul>

      <button
        onClick={() => {
          mutation.mutate({
            id: Date.now(),
            title: 'Do Laundry',
          })
        }}
      >
        Add Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'))
```

This example assumes that we have a `todo` service with a `List` and `Add` endpoint. When adding the new todo,
TanStack Query will automatically invalidate the `todos` query and refetch it.

For a real-world example, take a look at the [Uptime Monitoring](https://github.com/encoredev/examples/tree/main/uptime) app which also makes use of

> TanStack Query´s `refetchInterval` option for polling the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TanStack Query's `refetchInterval` option for polling the backend.
```
